the better it is to live in Russia the better the calmer the crime rate is the lower the crime rate And how did you determine the crime rate? I see you have these people even released from these prisons now, but look what’s going on in Europe with migrants. And what And what in Russia? with migrants Hello Hello, I'm from Latvia You're from the city of Krasnoufimsk, Sverdlovsk region Krasnoufimsk Sverdlovsk region Cool This is the Ural yes yes the middle Ural understood And you are a Tatar Bashkort Who by nationality Marie unexpectedly did not understand unexpectedly This happens I understand The question is what do you Russians know about Latvia especially understood A Have you been somewhere abroad at all? No, you haven’t been. Why? Well, I don’t really want to yet. How old are you? 40 That is, for 40 years, you had no interest in visiting somewhere abroad to see how people live Yes, it was interesting, well now in general -that is, the Internet of the 21st century is still in the yard, that is, you don’t leave the house at all, you just look at everything on the Internet. Yes, no, of course, I travel around Russia like that, and why aren’t you on the Internet? But when you go abroad, it’s already on the Internet. and we don’t sit on the Internet either Why you can go for Rosishki But for Russia you can’t have money, no why there is no Goal But I understand, but in Rosishki Where have you been to Russia in Nizhny Novgorod in Moscow in the south was and once failed to go to a resort And what you say normally not Russian you mean Turkey or Egypt there Yes, anyone there Greece Croatia goal Why didn’t you try the Aegean Sea to compare with Sochi no I’m interested you know the East of our country this is for example Lake Baikal Vladivosto were on Baikal No yet I want to very much, I understand you, I’m going to India again, that I’ve already been No, I already wanted to Listen, I think you’re a Ukrainian Yes, a Ukrainian Popik, yes you have, yes Yes, I understood you, but today I’m from Latvia, I have such a stage image, yes Uh-huh But the question is simple I’m somehow interested, for some reason, all the Russians who say that Baikal is beautiful here Kamchatka have not been to this Baikal have not been to Kamchatka Yes, not everyone is destined. In the sense of destined, I agree even with the fact that I’m not even in the Sverlovsk region, not in all interesting places was not And what does it mean that not everyone is destined, that is, there is some kind of God somewhere who decides who gets to visit Baikal and who doesn’t Well, of course there is, that is, the Lord God ordered you not to visit Baikal Well, I don’t know yet, that’s what you said It’s not destined for someone, it’s not destined Yes, I didn’t say that it was me Cool Uh-huh And what is not destined, look at a person in the 10th century. Can he get ready and go go to Baikal, how many thousands of kilometers from you to Baikal, probably? Well, we got into the car and how much is it in a week or two? Well, it’s easier for me by train. I’m a railway worker. By train, yes, it will be cheaper for me to do it by plane, but by plane, for example, 3,000 km, you can’t do it as an option by plane. Yes, but because by train it’s somehow too far, it’s still 3,000 km by car longer, then it was me bantering like that in the car even longer I realized that I was joking like that, like teasing cool Cool Well, again, there are a lot of places you can see along the way, let’s say the same Tobolsk, it’s cool because Brilliant And that’s why you should see Tobolsk Well, there are a lot of buildings architecture of what century is there a structure architecture X XV century Why don’t you want to go to Vienna with a trip for example Krakow Berlin I say you need to first get to know your country and then find out other countries But why can’t you look on the Internet Well, you somehow have such a disregard for the Internet I’m not saying that I’m watching something bad about the country, I’ll explain, I’ll explain because you’re watching, but on the Internet, but you want to watch Tobolsk not on the Internet, but live. Yes, I explained to you, my priority is Russia and then others countries are cool I don’t know everything about my country But how come then you won’t have enough life It’s just that you can travel all over Russia and this can happen unfortunately That is, you are not destined to see other countries Yes, I’d rather learn more about Russia than about Vienna good And what did you learn? You can. You traveled around Russia for 40 years. What did you learn? I’m curious. In terms of what, in terms of what you learned, you went, something was interesting to you. Well, I traveled more for work. I’ll be honest, I traveled more for work. but for Well, let's say the Nizhny Novgorod Kremlin so I visited the felling about further further and in Tula by the way there was also a weapons museum very interesting super further there by the way we saw such a building with a Masonic sign they were even surprised Okay further further further so well Yeisk we worked more there I there was a small one in Anapa, well, we had a special rest there, I didn’t learn anything there either. And where else was I in Moscow in Moscow? By the way, we visited Red Square. What else were we in some park? Now I don’t remember, we looked at the Tsereteli monument, which reigned did Well, so we talked, we went there to visit a friend, that is, I correctly understood for 50 years this is Nizhny Novgorod Tula Moscow it was all for work and let’s also say then Nizhny Tagil Krasnodar Rostov Was passing through Astrakhan served there so Muram city What what in murami did studied And studied understood well Yekaterinburg I think there is no need to mention this Well, this was your region in Yume What did you do in Tyumen in Tyumen went to a friend relax at the hot springs then look, I understand correctly that if we throw it, then where did you study and served like that no not under the Union Well, yes, the EU is already under Russia That is, it turns out, let’s say, in adulthood. Now you’ve finished your training, you’ve served like this and you’re already an adult, yes, you’re destined to go somewhere And so on. That’s where you were after you finished training and they served in the plan, it’s not there, it turns out Let’s go there, Tula for work, yes, Tula no, go to friends, go to friends like that, Moscow Uh-huh, Soliletsk, we had a rest, that Soliletsk, Soliletsk, we have such a resort, Yeah, that’s where it’s in the Orenburg region, Sol Iletsk, and what about this resort? the salt lakes there are interesting, I understood So Salt Iletsk further with different densities several lakes with different densities date Nizhny Novgorod were at work or so there were at work yes but culturally, as if enriching Nizhny Novgorod so they counted it so Moore also had training but in the same way the deputy was driven like this further Tyumen said Nizhny Tagil in Tyumen what did you do in Tyumen in Tyumen went to a friend Nizhny Tagil went to the festival Okay uh so here along the rapids we drove in in Chelyabinsk about our own region this does not count this is not our region But through the neighboring one region understood Okay brow region yes Yeah we drove through the lakes to places Kasli is a metallurgical production but we didn’t go to the production itself And to the museum this is all Chelyabinsk everything Chelyabinsk I counted yes well Chelyabinsk region Yes well these are different cities well there you go prompts you No, well, to Chernushka We also went to the festival until I don’t think there’s much there so I heard correctly the wife prompts Yes, the wife prompts I understand Maybe she’s louder Maybe I can hear everything early let teamwork tell me this is great Chernushka This is where Well this is the Perm region so Yes, yes, and also in the south, in the south, you had in the south, well, I’m talking more about work, and it was me who was little. It was also between the eleventh grade. And we went there for the book festival, it’s for children, all of it, children don’t count. Well, I - I was an adult, I accompanied And I understood okay Everything High will think so, that is, look, in principle, for 20 adult years, here we are counting From 20 to 4 Yes, in 20 years We collected 10 some locations, so that is, where did you travel around Russia? Well, on average Yes I understand Well then I agree then you won’t have enough time to travel around Russia then think about it I also don’t rule it out I completely understood then I understood I just thought that you had already traveled all over Russia what was left there no unfortunately I understood on Baikal in any case, I’ll go, I understand. But it’s interesting to hear an opinion, if you don’t mind, she moved away now, she wouldn’t want to go into the camera just to make sound, I’m wondering if she would like to look abroad Yes, I really want to, why isn’t she going? Well So far, I want to see the same situations as with me from a Russian woman. Well, can she say this? I’m interested. I think I’m saying, well, please call her and she’s a Tatar, Angelina, I won’t say that it’s so Angelina. Everything’s gel for me. I thought that Gulnara Yes. You don’t have to come into the frame Just tell me why you don’t want to leave Russia for some other place No Can I put it in simple terms Angelina Good afternoon, look But would you like to visit abroad Yes, perhaps yes And in what countries I have a friend in Germany lives I would go there And how old are you? The girls are not so scary Well, I don’t see Well, well, for the whole For all the time Why didn’t you go to your friend in Germany until now? Rot Well, I was in the mood of the children on maternity leave Well, I have a foreign passport and I also had a business trip to Germany, but it so happened that with children, well, somehow, well, with three children, it’s actually an opportunity, especially I have a job that allows me to go, in general, somehow not I had a chance, I don’t know how it happened, but I know that many Russians, for example, go on holiday there to Cyprus, Greece Croatia Turkey Egypt Thailand Have you ever wanted to try to relax in a place other than Russia for the summer, but in general it’s an option, I actually thought we were friends they constantly go to Egypt, they invite them to Turkey. I don’t know, there’s a lot to do yet; we have a big summer season for art songs and we have a season where we go. We sing there, it’s not festivals, but it’s you and your husband’s team, but not And uh, wife, I’m a cab driver Yes, well, in the sense of a driver Well, yes, I understand, I understand then Look, there are no drivers in Russia, you see. It seems to me that my wife has a slightly different opinion, she would still like to go abroad Yes, because she is a different person, I don’t refuse to go abroad either I said that she doesn’t want to because she wants to travel around Russia Yes, and then I said Maybe Well, it’s cool I’m actually really my desire I really liked it I was in Tyumen when there was a cool topic there was training too And we were given a tour I really liked the theme of architecture, specifically wooden architecture in Tyumen, uh, architecture - these are these houses, and how they make them, yes, architecture, yes, I really liked it, uh, there’s a certain language, that is, how the building is built, and from this, well, that is, from the one who lives in it. so it was built very much for different social groups Yes, the merchants, the aristocracy, understood the grindstone, and so they told me that in Tobolsk there is something to see in this topic. I looked at it, I also really liked it, I understood because when your husband told me about Tobolsk I somehow accepted this a little bit, as if with a bag, I think that there is Tobolsk And now I understand, yes, that is, it turns out that there is also a cool Rasputin museum. The only thing I know about Tobol is that this emperor who abdicated was in exile there. including Yes, well, then they transported him from there Yes, they Lapaev came here to Yekaterinburg Why am I asking about abroad Yes, I’m interested in the philosophy of the Russians, here in Ukraine we have people close to Europe, for example, from me to go to the border Yes, it’s 350,370 km, yes, that is, in fact for us, Europe is very close and a lot of people in Ukraine have been there in at least two or three neighboring countries, or even more. Yes, and we somehow, even yes, it’s interesting to see how people live in other countries. in order to take it somewhere And what is better for me And what is worse for me? Yes, it seems to me that if you preserve only in your own country, then you can not quite adequately perceive reality, and our people also travel a lot. Well, I won’t say that we, but you people travel from Russia and travel quite a lot Well, I’m just asking at roulette, at roulette just a lot of people say no, I don’t need it Abroad Well, yes, there is such a thing, maybe you get in unsuccessfully. There’s just something else I don’t know. Well here, even from the city, they travel to Egypt and Turkey, it’s not clear what they have, but what kind of volume are these? Well, the number of these people is obtained from the Russians, not even all of them have international passports. Not everyone has such a thing. Yes, we have a friend, she’s in Italy was And it’s just her love, she goes there Every year, it’s not like she even has Italian children, it’s cool very ru Vitaly, I wasn’t I would go Vita, she was married to an Italian So don’t think it’s bad either, she decided to go in that way Italian Well, then it turned out that everything with work is not so simple there Vitaly Yes Vitaly And what is there by the way Even these Italian It’s from life, like such moments, that’s a cool topic about volunteering So she went, this is again the provision of the state dadada language practice and work with refugees with all the old people with the old people, that’s what I’m wondering about. It’s interesting, but the phrase is what happens. It’s impossible to find a job there and it’s hard there, but how do they survive? He said it’s impossible and difficult. It’s very difficult, everything with this matter is pointless, so no one says that there’s no work there at all for the native Italians it’s much simpler there, everything is visible; residence registration is needed and everything else. Well, of course, I thought you meant that it is impossible for Italians to find work, but what do you think, where is the standard of living better in Italy or in Russia? Well, this is a rather complicated question. If you look at purchasing parity abilities, then in Russia there is better parity of purchasing abilities Yes, the thing is that I always try to calculate this parity Yes, when they tell me this phrase from TV Yes, for example, How many salaries does an Italian need to buy a phone and how much for a Russian and somehow it turns out not in favor of a Russian one just like Italy seriously Let's see uh here in your city what is the average salary what is your city I don't know what city you have let's say Fin Let's not take Chelyabinsk Well after all I'll say Finnish is a very small Chelyabinsk so Chelyabinsk is the median salary in Chelyabinsk the median salary is uh 70,000 rubles median - This means that these are all the salaries and half half of the people receive no more than this half of the people in Chelyabinsk receive no more than 7 70,000 rubles 700 dollars and you are talking about What kind of phone Are you talking about a good one Well now now now I’ll look like this now Dada Let’s and minimum salary Vital so take the median now ses now I'll take the minimum so in so the minimum so in Italy 2500 euros median So, well, that is, in Italy the median salary of 700 turns out to be almost four times more than in Russia, that is, one and the same telephone number, an Italian is four times larger, he can buy four times more products. Let's be frank, why are you so much in Manipura? After all, a person has significantly less money left to live on. In the sense, well, the meaning of the security is that he has to pay for housing, let’s say food more expensive than gasoline Nako more expensive food look again Italian gets four times more than a Chelyabinsk resident so insurance How much does Vitaly cost look food again Let's start with food Let's start with food Do you agree that food will not be twice as expensive as in Russia it is definitely more expensive No, it’s about the same, they say, and bloggers say that the food is more expensive and tasteless. I don’t know about the tastelessness, so I can tell you what’s more expensive than Vitalia in terms of food. I don’t know. I haven’t been there. Yeah, I understand, well, you know what’s more expensive there. Well, you just took such an example very well interesting No, you said that the food there is more expensive and tasteless Well, many bloggers say so And I have heard many bloggers that it is cheaper and tastier Well, let it be so understood, it just turns out, look, I can compare a car phone There you compare products incomparable in the sense of incomparably incomparable as incomparable to a person you need a phone car, what kind of car do you have? You are comparing the fact that you are comparing two countries, and they have different pricing, these countries have different pricing, then you yourself said about purchasing power parity, I decided to calculate this as an authority, yes. Well, then let’s take insurance and take gasoline as far as more expensive okay Let's So how much do you spend on gasoline per month how many liters of gasoline do you have a million of gasoline How many tons do you spend No not a million 50 euros on gasoline how much do you spend on gasoline Well about 5,000 n 50 50 dollars Yes that's all and an Italian spends 100 dollars Okay from an Italian from an Italian Yes, look, your salary turns out to be 70,700 dollars, you spent 50, my salary is not that kind, well, for example, let’s say this Chelyabinsk resident, a Chelyabinsk resident with a median salary receives 700 dollars, 50 was spent on gasoline, he has 650 left, an Italian receives 2,700 euros This will be in dollars 3,000 dollars Yes, uh, 100 100 dollars, he spent on gasoline twice as expensive, so he had 2,900 left, look again, 2,900 dollars from the Italian and 650 from the Chelyabinsk, what else, well, insurance, you and I wanted to discuss Okay, look, I’ll make it easier, look, come on so, uh, we’ll accept that all prices in Italy are twice as expensive as in Russia Let’s take it simpler I suggest it’s easier to do no, look, I’ll take it simpler, let’s take the world rating according to parity, not world, this is for you, look, the ratings are not ratings, they’ve screwed you up, I’m looking at the fact It’s not Russia that makes it up, look look, I’m lying to you, I’m making it up Look, it’s very simple, a very simple trick, let’s just assume that all prices in Italy are twice as expensive as in Russia and phones are twice as expensive and cars and food and gasoline, that is, the Russian who receives 700 uh dollars Yes, and spends, for example, all these 700 dollars, and then, uh, the Italian will spend 1,400 dollars, the Russian will have zero left, the Italian will have 1,600 dollars left, so it turns out Bravo, yes it turns out so, where is the purchasing power parity so interesting Why do they do such a rating I don’t know what kind of rating Look at this look So I they What do you think they are smarter than us or they are who they are who Well the one who makes up this rating Who is Well I don’t know who Well who You don’t know who What is the rating Let’s ask Who compiles the ratings for GDP by PPP Let's ask again, look, you fed you that you are fifth in the world in terms of some GDP by purchasing power I say who did this, so what is it, explain to me what GDP PPP is, I don’t know who it is explain what kind of rating this is, what is this GDP coefficient, PPP is that kind of uh that amount probably remains with a person after paying all these moments. Well, that is, those moments for which his life support is provided. Let's take a look. Let's take a look again, so we only what did you look at what the median gets is $3,000, let’s see who makes it up Look at Who makes up And I’m telling you, a Chelyabinsk resident gets $700 Yes, I’m saying that an Italian can buy more in purchasing power, if we compare the purchasing power of 3,000 Italian dollars and 700 Russian dollars, then an Italian will objectively buy more tons of gasoline will buy more bread will buy a telephone more meat this is how the World Bank does it I don’t know who the World Bank is So I’m telling you I just didn’t give it to me what it does so explain look here explain to me I don’t work for the World Bank I don’t know but I see that an Italian can buy more for such a salary. How is it that I don’t know what the seed bank is? So she is in fourth place in Europe. Got it. The question is interesting: why with such a steep rating, uh, from Russia they go to this Europe where there is poor purchasing power parity and Europe has not justified itself. And they don’t come from Europe. Europe takes away cars at the border, there is such a thing. Europe even has bicycles. wants to take it again, let’s do it like this before the war before the war before the war Why did people travel from Russia to Europe And from Europe to Russia No why didn’t they travel, we have tourist trains No, well, the tourist came to look and live because it’s good here But no one at all came and who Well, let's see there for you Well, that is, just lie in Russia, they are coming en masse from Tajikistan Yes, who is coming from Europe Listen, but not so long ago a Czech fled to Belarus, a Czech, look well, yes, that is, one Czech That is, if we are looking from Hundreds of thousands of Russians are coming to the Czech Republic, and from the Czech Republic, one Czech came to Russia, well, really, look, let’s say that Tajiks come to your region Yes, there are quite a lot of them. Yes, there are Italians, they come. There are Spaniards, because, uh, I’m sorry, African Americans, or whatever Africans are there, in short, representatives of Africans I believe correctly, from African countries, yes, from less developed countries, because they come worse there, yes, they come from Tajikistan, because he comes from Europe to us. Who comes from Europe to you? Well, let’s say someone came from Italy. Well, here’s the groom, and so he came and drank coffee and went to live with everyone in Italy Who comes tried to work with us yes it was in shorts he walked in thirty degree frost And that he stayed in Russia no he went back Why could he adapt in shorts after all not [music] this is thirty Sleepy Frost there you could hear it from afar Yes, look, I just can’t understand, again, plus you know those in which it won’t get lost Just if it moves Look, I, as if I understood correctly that the Tajiks are coming to you en masse, and we can see what it means in Tajikistan uh Let's see how many migrants we have in Europe What are you saying right away So I'm not looking at my position What kind of migration is going From where the economy is worse to where it is better Where the standard of living is better If we see that people are going from Ukraine to Europe, it means that the standard of living is higher in Europe If we see that from Russia to Europe and to Russia from Ukraine, they traveled from Ukraine, went to Russia, because the standard of living was better, and the standard of living was better, and then they stopped traveling because it became equal, they stopped, Yes, they stopped, because why look in the fourteenth year Yes, we the minimum wage has become higher than in Russia and in the second year of one hundred so look and now let’s return to Europe from Russia to Europe they go and from Europe there are no people who are already going to live in Russia. Maybe some of them are just going to live there too. In Russia, in Germany, there are a million, there are a million people with Russian passports Milne Yes, a million people now, I’ll officially take it Yes, not in general how many already now, but During what period now in Germany, look, in a year, more than 200,000 became citizens of the Federal Republic of Germany, so now now now So they got it dual citizenship those Russians I’m now wondering how many Russians migrated to Germany So yes there is both there and back No back no I’m not denying it back No at all no we just identified a Czech already one nature is even less than a statistical error one Czech arrived so don’t run away don’t run away Well, what’s so-and-so at the end? At the end of June twenty-three, there were 300,000 German citizens living in Germany, 32,000 more than at the end of February last year. That is, over the year there was an increase of 32,000 Russians in Germany. And there are at least 3,000 I don’t know the Germans who came to live in Russia No, okay, just look at me, I’m not arguing. Yes, for example, I just measured it for me. Where is it better? Where do people go? If people go, for example, from someone there to Moscow, that means the level in Moscow life is better objectively if from my Khmelnitsky, for example, they go to Kyiv because I’m from Latvia Yes, I’m from Khmelnitsky, then in Kiev the standard of living is better Yes, if people go from Kiev to Europe, then in Europe the standard of living is better, if from Russia people go to Europe, that means the level in Europe is better, so it turns out that they like something there, yes, yes, that turns out to be a question: something is wrong with these purchasing powers Yes, I’m probably not denying that, aren’t you talking about parity, some kind of ratings, yes, yeah, I’m looking at that I can’t understand That’s why if you ask any Ukrainian where the best standard of living is in Ukraine or in Europe, anyone will say in Europe if not And if you ask any Russian Where is it better in Russia or in Europe, he will start to turn his nose up and cannot admit that in Europe Why is it better at some points in Europe at some points in Russia is it better at some points the standard of living is better in Russia in Russia is not required T a summons in schools a summons is generally prohibited I understood except what is better to live in Russia the better the calmer the crime rate the lower the crime rate crime And how did you determine the level of crime? I see you have these people even released from these prisons now, but look what’s going on in Europe with Migrants. And what And what in Russia with migrants there, the migrants there are much smaller than in Europe, I understood In short in general, yes, that is, I correctly understand that, for example, in Finland, the crime rate in Italy is higher than in Russia, yes, it’s possible I understood Yeah, good. So what else Why Why do Americans say that they won’t let their daughter go anywhere at 11 p.m. And here we have can a girl come home in Chelyabinsk in the Zavodskoy district they themselves say PPP in Chelyabinsk Wait why are they saying this again Tell me who is in Chelyabinsk Yes in Chelyabinsk in the Industrial district he will send his daughter at 23:00 similar to what the Americans say, so I’ll ask in Russia in 23:00 a girl will pass in Chelyabinsk at night through the industrial district No, no, no, look, how do you want to check this, no, look, I have a lot of women here I talked to why Americans say that they will never do this Why do they say that we are afraid in the subway go Wait wait Come on let's talk about it Look you're telling me now you're seriously telling me that in Russian cities Yes girls at night you can easily walk around the districts and about the fact that he wanted to go back to Russia Just after he got hit at the crossroads when he just stood and waited green color to Who is our blogger I don’t care Well, a blogger, so a Russian blogger will get hit everywhere, this is a guarantee, so he was against the Russian authorities, so a Russian blogger will get hit everywhere, even if against the Russian authorities And that he returned to Russia, I don’t know, I and so, that is, I I understand correctly He filmed how bad it is to live in America and how he wants to but did not return to Russia And what the hell didn’t do this he filmed he filmed how bad it is to live in Russia when he came to America He said what kind of blogger am I now naked where did I say I don’t remember his name, I googled where he lives, either to America or back to Russia, I don’t remember his name Unfortunately, Damn, well, look at the Russian blogger, they beat up his butt at an intersection, what does he look like, it’s not like Varlamov is curly-haired, I don’t remember him now, it’s interesting Dav was hit at a crossroads, I wonder if he left for Russia, yes, I’m not sure that he left for Russia, I’m talking about a Russian blogger, they were beaten at a crossroads, it gives away a Krasnodar blogger, they beat him up and then burned his house in Krasnodar, that’s not how you forget in America now stop stop stop Russians a civilian man, so let’s take something for me in America Yes, in the USA Well, the USA, what I immediately know is that a Russian blogger was beaten in his own Krasnodar and his house was burned down, I haven’t seen something like that, that in an American blogger’s house they burned it down, so no tacos Well, you can ask your wife to let her find it on your phone. Well, you can find it then. But I thought you were just on your phone, I don’t see the Russian bloggers, they were shot down at an intersection in the USA, there is no news. I’m interested in the video he shot, where he directly described it. Just a second. I’m now, and while you’re looking, I’m writing in Russia, they beat me up, and look, while I’m reading to you, a five-year-old Russian schoolgirl was brutally beaten for not looking friendly in Moscow, schoolchildren beat up a passenger on an electric train, so in Russia, an unknown person beat up a hero with Oh, this is normal, a schoolboy beaten by a crowd collected 5 million from Russians ruble in Russia, pensioners were beaten because of lemonade and sausages, so illegal migrants beat a sixteen-year-old teenager in Sevastopol, listen, it’s interesting until you find out where they beat this blogger in the USA at a crossroads. There were so many beatings in Russia of a journalist after a publication in a Russian city, then unknown people beat up the main editor of the newspaper your voice Dmitry Kosenko 4th region schoolchildren beat up a peer What did they find No I didn’t find How come let me have more and Coincidence how is it so Well then let’s then I’ll continue reading for now It’s interesting yes of course Chita read it’s fascinating in Russia they shot down tiktokers who are in women's clothing So listen, let's better, not so long ago I heard this information in Ukraine 40,000 look look Wait, we're talking about beatings now, like in Russia and in America in America there's news and there bloggers beat me up at an intersection I got really interested did this blogger leave, it turns out there is no this information Yes, but in Russia they beat and just caught a Tajik and beat Dmitry with batons Dmitry Dvali beat Feodosius in Kaluga they beat a Russian military man This is good This is good Don’t hang around like that in Russia schoolchildren were severely brutally beaten Turn up in front of your eyes so red red is on for you, well, VK drives less VK press then you pass red with the speed it lets you go Here VK press VK Yes VK press here 20 to 20 should rise and you are standing or driving stand again press VK should rise to 20 and here it is you have it turned on like that, you have to pass the red one like we have abolition of speed and k20, yes the club should give the club how much it shows, pass everything and then when you pass you what will happen Well, in theory, you should let you go Well, you’ll still have to get up there, yes And they don’t take you there, or as a matter of fact Well, that means the signal must change, go ahead Sorry, it’s nothing This is a work question Yes, it’s just that while you were talking, I found so much Yes, in Moscow, schoolchildren brutally beat a girl in Russia, they beat up a girl from Lugansk, teenagers beat up a disabled schoolboy in Russia five girls were severely beaten by schoolchildren mobiles Kazakhs invited in Russia beat up a Russian That is, it seems to me that you know when You say that there in Russia oh in America they won’t let their daughter go out at night I think in many Russian cities they won’t let me go either and I won’t let go Yes take a walk at night in Ukraine too It’s possible Yes, you lived, let’s say Well, if you are 40 years old, I’m 43 Yes, we lived like this in the nineties and also saw it, and in short, it’s not really worth climbing at night Yes, that’s why the Americans say this, that’s very interesting because in all countries, big cities in megalopolises yes V N Why do they talk about Russia that it is possible And they have a non-trick Russia Perhaps yes who says Tar Kan and he lived in Russia no he came here for how long he was in Russia for a week in my opinion He walked somewhere at night, let's ask him, let's Look why he says this Because he needed to say something to him, they gave him money there Or that why he says good things about Russia because this is politics, it would be something to say to an audience of millions, this is a man, look Let's Carlson and he are so good Tell the question tar Carlson probably goes on the subway, yes no. How does he know this? He doesn’t go on the subway. This is a person who has never been on the subway. I understand correctly Yes, uh, all your knowledge about America, uh, don’t get lost, well, there’s no more than 20, in my opinion, or so, I don’t remember Mac pom, yes, yes, that’s all, you don’t need to get up, that’s all, let’s go on, happily bye-bye, it’s all the same there, for example, the conventional Rotenberg Yes, he will tell you that the subway is better here or better there. He never goes on the subway, he just never, they just went into the subway and saw what the stations look like, he went in and looked good, he takes the subway in New York, somewhere in Washington - then he travels Well, he’s comparing it to something. I ask, does he ride the subway to work? Well, before that he probably went when before he became famous when before he became Znamya Well, when 30 years ago he was 40 so he’s 30-40 then I guess not yet was born as a child, or was very small. That is, look, it turns out that Carlson came to Russia and was only there where he was taken with his entire retinue. He was nowhere on his own. Yes, I think that if Tucker Carlson had passed in the evening in the Chelyabinsk region and somewhere in 23:00 then until 23:59 they would have torn his eye out, they would have taken away his mobile phone and written another swastika, they would have drawn it on his belly, really for a second I was a little nervous when I landed in the USSR I thought that maybe I would see a country with a crowd of gloomy people thinking like robots and agents bugging my room I saw a country of a hundred nationalities living together in harmony, no weapons, no crime, not a single one, the Muslim Muhammad Ali responded approvingly in the Soviet Union, wait, I understand correctly that we are now talking about Russia in 2024, America, and you are reading to me how Muhammad Ali came to the Soviet Union Don’t you think that these two reviews are very similar, but there is some review of how someone came to the Russian Empire, most likely there is a damn question: Why did you read to me how Muhammad Ali came to the Soviet Union? In my opinion, these are very similar reviews after quite a long period of time the question Had Ali did in the Soviet Union on a visit in the same way as Takr Kaln arrived, he interviewed someone from Gorbachev or who, perhaps in his own special way, you can look at What Muhammad did Ali in the Soviet Union And during the preparation for the Olympics of the eightieth year, and that is, he came to the Olympics No, not to the Olympics for the Olympics Well, well, the visit took place in the seventy-eighth year, and so in the seventy-eighth year Okay What, how long was he in the Soviet Union and where was He was from July 12 to July 21, 9 days, a whole nine, and Tucker would only be just a question Muhammad Ali after that returned at least once to the Soviet Union I don’t know, maybe he moved to live no, it seems, why, I don’t know Maybe he liked America more, why and why did he say that I don’t know why he said that and went to America very strange strange things happen here not in our uh in our lives Indeed this is called you know I will call this Mukhamed Alievich said there like a fly like a butterfly I will this call uh the Butterfly Paradox Yes, the butterfly says that everything is so awesome in Russia but flies away at a run back to a capitalist country And what about Tucker Carlson and what about Muhammad Ali And who else can, in my opinion, Steven Seagal was just another Gerard Gerard de Par Yes, in short, Roy Jones So who else was there, well, of these celebrities, it’s all like Listen, Tom HNS left America, who is this actor who left? Well, that’s what he didn’t like about America, how many Americans left, how many actors left America And those who promised to leave yet just look in America, for example, there are 10,000 actors, of which, for example, 10 people left. Super, this is not even a statistical error, people, people. Yes, people are interested in going there somewhere, someone won, he didn’t understand, that is, he didn’t like it that Trump won. Carlson's Tucker was yes Well, it turns out that damn it's screwed and where is he going? It's terrible, I don't know, it's probably written in Europe, but it's possible that I understood Uh-huh, listen. Well, I still can't understand who is more precise, so why doesn't all these tar kal take the subway? and he doesn’t walk the streets at night telling how good it is here in Russia Hamed Ali seems to be and so on Yes, it’s unclear whether it’s Mohamed Aril or him Soviet propaganda attributed this to the fact that the list promised to leave the USA when Trump wins sleep Yeah Well, let’s riner Barbara Resen Megan Rapinoe Tom Hns He left Amy Schumer Lady Gaga Taylor Swift Jane Fonda Madonna Mark Ruffalo Kim carda Uf rorn ma Cyrus Kevin Kel Bobi olv Rashida tallip rni dis Sean what are you reading from Where is this what is this where are you reading ra book Billy Joe Arm where you’re reading this Say a post on [laughter] social networks That is, you read to me with such seriousness some post on telegram And the names mean something to you, wait I just thought you were some kind of letter from these Hollywood figures You really only read to me what is a post from a telegram so that I understand yes yes And who wrote it Why do you need it Well, who wrote this and what figure Russian figure Which Russian figure Well, which one you can read Which one is popular tell me the name of the SJ Why I don’t want to I want to check Or did he really write that, check Write a list and you will see a list on the list Putin Medvedev Lavro b yal sleep there are names that I told you are not there there is Lavrov so they listened or not to leave I’m interested it’s in short on some site smart.ru that’s okay goblin Telegram of some goblin And this is this Goblin Yes y This is the one who voiced these films Yes films yes Yeah I got it He wrote this 5 days ago Yes I don’t argue a serious authoritative source I’m not this is not professional laugh I have to endure So you’re very much not professionally I can’t Yes, I haven’t developed yet, I need 18 years of practice to develop That’s what they’ve already left Tom Hanks Danya where is he the rest of everything I mean, Well, he didn’t fulfill his promise And what’s scary is that they’ll be beaten And I don’t know Well, why- they won’t leave America, that is, they will be like Taher Carlson and Muhammad Ali. Well, I doubt they wouldn’t have promised then that they would leave when Trump won. cool cool interesting good. Can you answer the question? Why was Trump removed from the peacemaker? peacemaker Well, you have a website Peacemaker, you know what kind of website this is Well, there’s a hit list who keeps it without a clue Here’s some dude How do you Goblin runs Yegor’s website I have no idea ask the person who puts the peacemaker on the website from Hurray This dude is just de but you can. Scholz is going to call Putin, what do you think they will discuss? Well, how much Vaseline does Putin need in short because Trump became president? You are, as always, pretty low, but what? Why did I see Lean, look? I saw in the channel Yes, I’m reading now Dawa so look now yesterday there was a call from Chancellor Scholz to Vladimir Putin where was where it was discussed not sauté please I’m reading where the amount of flax that Vladimir Putin should use after Trump’s election as president after Trump’s ultimatum Putin will have to withdraw 24 24 hours withdraw troops from Ukraine or enter into Russia in a deep Trump way It’s very sad, well, it’s written in a telegram by a famous person, I already understood, Yes, he’s just going to call, he hasn’t called yet, Pete called, wait, it’s written, it’s written that he called, look at it you are not worthy What are you doing this for? Wait, you just read it to me, just some guy from telegram, there is no word about vulgarity And here it was And what is this guy from telegram, it’s in your head Well, look on Google, I didn’t come up with that on Google scholz Putin Vaseline why are you doing this Well, don’t let me down, please, this is serious Well, be so kind, I’m seriously saying yes, check it, check it in the telegram, write of course, of course I won’t, I’ll do it And here, look, they also write in our telegram that Putin, for you, he will be like this, rightly so, and for the whole world, he is like this, and for Scholz, he is like this, and for Trump, he is like this, you want to sit down at the negotiating table with us, no one wants to sit down at the negotiating table with you, why and how are you, your government claims that we are ready for I will explain Everything I understand I will explain look Ukraine says this in order to deceive Russia specifically we deceived you with the Minsk agreements we deceived you with the Istanbul agreements we will deceive now you are just a state that needs to be deceived, that is, a state that everyone is deceiving You see, well, here you go there is such a thing and you will sit down for the transfer Why sit down Why sit down why do you need to preserve your state Why look at it like that why do you need Negotiation Why keep it Why do you need negotiations, capture us Why do you need us to capture you for us, why do you need negotiations with us, you can capture then you have to pay us your debts, which means you don’t want to capture us. No, of course, that’s all, why should we sit down for negotiations? You don’t want to capture us; we need to be cut off from the Black Sea. Well, cut off the cut, and why do you need to sit down for negotiations with us? So none of us will sit down with you World Cup you will talk about the World Cup you will talk to America about the World Cup What about weapons about the country Why is it not a question Take, capture Odessa and everything like that you will give it to us yourself So why will we give Nedim SOBR this will be payment your payment for the chickens Why can’t you seize odes without Kursk, just take it like this I’m telling you, for this you will have to waste human lives, but here you yourself will give it up That is, you didn’t seize Odessa, we won’t give you Odessa, give it back How do you have no choice the Western desks will force you to understand everything, that is, I understand correctly that Russia is such a weak country that it wants to ask the West for reserves, but what and what will you do? An ultimatum for announcing these conditions for ending the war. What now? What do you need now? what’s stopping you? So far nothing’s stopping me. So now I can’t make the conditions and let’s go, let’s go quietly honey dude. You’re unreal. I’m just telling you. I’m glad that you’re sharp and you’re all so real. I’m smart. I’m really smart. Rejoice guys. That’s why you went to Latvia. Yes. I’m in Khmelnitsky today is the day when the Latvian army pushed So November 11th is a date in the history of Latvia So And you just And I’ll tell you what Look, when you said run for your wife, you started saying that no, no, she doesn’t want either She wants to travel around Russia And my wife wants to travel, go abroad Yes, that’s what I want too But my priority is my priority And my wife’s wife’s priority is Abroad but there’s no money because yes, you live like a country of oil gas gold diamonds but there’s no money and her girlfriend can go for a ride to the world But you can’t because she’s in Italy, yes she can go come to Russia, she can go there to France Yes she can go on vacation somewhere and you can say yes it’s a pain because there wooden huts are very beautiful cutout damn architecture wooden architecture look in Tobolsk You know, the world's culture is concentrated in Tobolsk. I'm watching your wife, she's just dreaming. If only a fairy would come down and say, look, choose Rome or Tobolsk, she's such a shreem. Come on, Tobolsk. Yeah. Just look, there's no money, that's all. Why, for example, right now, for example, wouldn’t I go somewhere to Africa there for a month for these? Because my financial ability doesn’t allow it? Yes, I have other expenses. I honestly say. Yes, for example, I already went there to the sea, I went somewhere- then abroad, yes. But for example, I didn’t go to Australia because I estimated that it would be expensive for my budget, that’s fair, I’m not saying that no, I’m not interested in Australia, I’m interested in Australia, if only I had money. I also went to Antarctica, but I don’t have money for expedition to Antarctica More precisely, they exist, but it would be very significant for my family because I would have to sacrifice something else, and there are people who have the opportunity to go to Antarctica, they go to Australia and yes, he is going, you need to be honest with yourself Russians live in poverty and they say I don’t need your good resorts, I don’t need yours. I’ll go here, this is the Chelyabinsk region, you know, the problem is not that you live in poverty, and the problem is that you want to drag others into this poverty, looking for poverty If you were just sitting in your own Russia, no one would care about you. So what if there’s at least anything? Yes, we want to live in European civilized states. We want to move from this post of the Scoop into a normal society and live like Europeans. Yes, so that they are democratic procedures improved Yes, so that corruption decreases Yes, at least to the European level and not to the level you have in Russia Yes, so that the standard of living increases, so that the minimum wage is the average wage, purchasing power is the parity that is not virtual but reality Yes, you could buy there was more to rest and so on. So, you want everyone. You, like Russia, are a country that just instead of developing, now I’ll give you all stars because you have a car and I don’t. You have a beautiful girl. I don’t. So turn on now the sound speak fourth in Europe The World Bank said this You are impenetrable Of course not because I live in Russia I see all this I see in Europe Where do you see where do you see Europe let me be the ambassador Let's Why does the wife go to Rome to look at the architecture to the same ruins, strictly speaking But this is Rome This is Italy, this is the same kind of carrying Yes, that’s enough for you, no, I’m longer, DJ, let me listen to you Well, because to be honest, I piled up a lot, now you pile up, I’m interested in listening, but no, I don’t have that much no, I understand Yeah, you're a talented person, you can dump it, what have you done, in short, it doesn't make sense to go to Rome, it's in ruins, well, not only Why, by the way, people live under bridges, it's their choice Well, France at the Olympics Paris life is so zhiden this is the standard of living, but it’s not us who are talking, this is what the Europeans are saying. Damn, I know there was someone like Amir, someone sang from the Uyghurs, he would he l boy wa boy wants Tambov You know chiki-chiki chikita You impenetrable we I'll say you know what the problem of our dialogue is you and I don't I'll say dia so I'll say why because you and I live in different worlds Yes we I don't understand you you won't understand me I've only just understood you and you You don’t want to understand me You’re throwing out some cliches that really aren’t, but for some reason you’re doing it anyway You want to tell me living in Russia how bad it is to live here And you’re telling me stories, you’re trying to convince me that people are leaving Russia And no one is going to Russia doesn’t come at all, it’s worse that we have it worse, that neither of us is better Where it’s better here there are such moments and it’s the Europeans who talk about it and not we, we’re just listening to them, we’re sitting and you don’t want to hear us, you’re pandering to us, it’s not fundamental at all in principle Of course it’s wild, but I’m more than sure that somewhere in America there is also where some people go in the yard in the yard there is such a thing, well, or you will deny it, let me say this, yes in America there is somewhere someone and no on the asphalt, the question is how many households have a toilet with sewerage and how many don’t? What does it have to do with it? It’s there in the outcast from No channel who did it it was done by the state I’m not sure about this it was done by the people themselves the people here I have it too when I moved into this apartment it wasn’t there wasn’t I made it I need it I don’t know you here you sit a lot talking you asked them they walk around the yard I understand So look Maybe they don’t need a toilet just like you don’t need it Abroad Yes but they do they're dragging it from Ukraine, mind you Yes, but they don't need it, they're dragging it in. It's amazing, it's just like a microwave, they'll probably use a used toilet, yes, now I'll say, look, now I'll say, Yes, I understand, I tried to convince you, you tried to convince me, but I realized we won't be able to convince you, we We hear each other but we don’t understand each other I don’t understand you You don’t understand me Yes I understand you Yes you want to tell me how bad it is to live in Russia so you don’t understand my arguments Yana and the rest, etc. Russia is moving forward economic level in Russia, even being under sanctions, it is in positive dynamics and is much more than many European countries. What is this expressed in? How is this expressed, for example, in the price of butter in the availability of butter in the availability of eggs Everything Why are you falling so low And in what in what In what is it expressed this is the growth of the economy of the World Bank Why does he say that, well, ask him it’s good Now a minute Hello World Bank Tell me why you say that Russia’s economy is growing there in fourth place, purchasing power parity and oil is becoming more expensive, it’s not there eggs are becoming more expensive and they are not there why so loudly to loudly Turn it on so I can hear it too Why on loud Turn it on so I can hear They say that’s all Why did you put it in your ear where is your microphone not a microphone earphone damn how you saw through me You’re just a genius Bravo But I’m telling you you’re a bad actor, that’s the question You say that the economy is growing in Russia despite the sanctions, you can say this is not me saying, I want you as a resident of Russia. Can you tell me how your life has improved over the past 3 years? What has improved? Yes, your salary has become higher in dollar equivalent Yes, it has become How much where then dollars on So wait, I’ll tell you now Well, it was about 100 rubles now it will be about 150 When you had 100,000 rubles in the twenty-second year, the salary yes yes it was So it became less in dollar equivalent, it was less in the twenty-second year and there are already about a hundred was A was promised 200 dollars again let's do it like this before the start how much was your salary And I don't remember the salary Now I don't remember right away just let's take literally a dollar for this year especially again look let's go from sanctions to yours and now come on for the first year, what was your salary in dollars, tell me in rubles, I’ll share a lot of the hall, but in dollars, remember, no, so you ask in dollars, if you don’t remember it, not in dollars, why are you trying to compare me with a dollar, here’s a dollar for me don’t buy anything I want to see Oh, okay, let’s not in dollars Let’s do it in eggs or in butter or in phones or in gasoline in something How much butter was brought to Russia creamy you can look I what I want to see to understand whether you have become richer or poorer, you need to take some measure of, for example, how much you could buy oil or gasoline or dollars or something with your salary, or TVs, phones, and how much it is now. If you have more oil, you have become richer in oil. If less, less, poorer. That’s me I want Let’s see how much oil you could buy with your salary in D. I don’t remember how you say that you became richer If you don’t remember Well, I think that I am a rich man began to live I can afford to build a house, start building it, can you let me let me start here I have nothing left after I buy something yes For my life for my own after my salary I am starting to build a house Wait you have already started building a house Yes I started When this year I realized I just started super Yeah and I’m planning finish it in 3 years with your own funds for a salary without the help of the state, it’s super, so bad I live in my family, three children are my strangers No, so don’t find fault. Here I am feeding this whole family, my wife is still working and I’m also planning to save up for building a house masha for this year Here is such a lo for No There is such a bad old one from 2008 16 years old don’t be shy Laugh not I just realized she’s 16 years old Well it turns out yes this is a box like such a crazy stool we call them Well yes Well yes But after a year I I’m planning a car Well, these are the plans for now, we’ll see what kind of car you want to buy in 3 years, read which one I don’t know yet, I’m thinking about buying it for grabs, but I’m still thinking about it, but you don’t want to buy a Russian car. Maybe I’ll buy a patriot. Patriot UAZ Patriot UAZ Patriot Yes, you’ll give your wife a ride in tobo Let’s wait and see Yes, by the way, it’s not very cold there, okay But here’s an interesting question: how old are you now? 40 40 yes, the question is 44 and even more, I’m 43 look, it turns out that what has bothered you over all these years with such a good salary in the fourth economy in the world and so continue to have a car that is not old, such a stupid manipulation, the economy would not always be like this, why would your economy begin to flourish, yes, literally after the sanctions were surprising Yes, that is, I understand that you began to sell less gas, oil, and so on to Europe further and began to live better because of this yes And what is the trick of the Paradox Russia is a country of paradoxes That is, you began to receive less money from abroad but you began to live better obs this is all we look at I say This is a paradox you won’t understand this pony I see for example here is a man yes he for example, he works at the bazaar, he began to sell 10 times less because of the crisis Yes, but he began to live better, what’s the trick I don’t know, I’m saying Paradox It’s so inexplicable And why did you start to live better Look, we see the sanctions I just told you did you hear me or not see me? You don’t understand me. It doesn’t fit in your head that we can afford some things, we just don’t want them [music] all the people, I admit he won. He just doesn’t break through with me, that’s it, you’re just gone. I lost everything write it down In short, you smashed me to smithereens I got burned I couldn’t stand it Come on, sit in line in order to save the world from Ukraine This is just tough I don’t know this This is just an impenetrable dude If you want to restore my nerves like subscribe and comment this crap to your friends they watched it, it’s just brutal, we live stupidly in different universes, not in worlds. And in the universes, this is some kind of Marvel. Yes, they live in some kind of virtual reality, where they were told on TV that Russia has the fourth GDP in the world, the economy according to its purchasing power parity they ask how much you can buy butter and he Ask the World Bank they will tell them on TV how it is, we once laughed that in the DPRK they told on TV that they almost win championships that they are the richest in the world and so on we laughed with the DPRK, right before our very eyes, a new DPRK, a new North Korea, is being formed. Dude, he really believes this, I have no doubt about it. At first I thought he was just trying to get out of it, but dude, he’s really into it, he’s reading out, he’s reading that some in a telegram he wrote a list of people who will leave America and he reads it to me, he screams, he [ __ ] drives a car 2 what did he say, this year or what? eager to get into the Daewoo Matis, who is 16 years old. Yes, he takes his wife and children there and he says that this is the fourth place in the world. Question: If you are so cool, you are from the sanctions. Get the hell out of the whole world and make a fence and don’t interfere with us, don’t interfere with us. You don’t need it, just as you know, if we look at the world As a society Yes, there is a country called a university Yes, for example, there is a conditional Switzerland, there is a country, a factory there, Vietnam China, there is a country there, a mental hospital, this is the Russian Federation, I really Let him say in short that he has ruined his ass, but he is in short that’s all I really don’t break through my 18 years of practice after 2 years of 20 is enough to somehow even include something that can you laugh and what can I convey to you if you’re just reading a post on some dude’s telegram if you’re completely serious you tell me when I ask you that it is now 2024 in Russia and you read out how in 78 Muhammad Ali flew to the USSR for 9 days and said 78 is 22 years of the last century, the year of this century is 46 years, almost half a century, two technological eras have changed The Internet appeared in the seventy-eighth year like this like pipiska comment If you don’t subscribe if you don’t like it, don’t open the letter on Instagram I don’t know why, why should you be surprised there and for those ond atri clique Ale you trimae me and I will be kaza instead There's a bunch of fouls in me, I'll be cool, I'll check with Robiti, but I'll check with you